with Tristan Kegel

The 88 / French Kicks

“No thanks, Julius - I already EIGHT!  Get it?  E-I-G-H-T…EIGHT!  It’s your old pal Tristan Kegel, the Ace of Eights and the Toro Bravo of The Ocho.

Now, I know what you’re thinking: if this paragon of handsomeness loves the number 8 so much, is he going to play “Octopus’s Garden” by The Beatles?  After all, an Octopus has eight tentacles.  But you’d be wrong!  I cannot STAND the Beatles due to their obsession with backmasking and their involvement with The Liverpool Illiuminati. And that Revolution #9 song. NINE!

So, how about “Stop!  In the Name of Love” by The Supremes?  After all, STOP signs have 8 sides, right???

NO!!!  I HATE The Supremes ever since I read that article on InfoWars about notorious gangster Al Capone inventing the SUPREME PIZZA as a mind control device for SUPREME rulership of Chicago.

*sigh*

What, I’m almost out of time?  Rats.  Well, here’s The 88 by French Kicks - a band from Germany with a chip on their collective shoulder.  And that’s all for me, Tristan Kegel, the 8th Wonder of the World.

I LOVE THE NUMBER 8!!!!!”

Eight Piece Box / Southern Culture on the Skids

“Did you read the temperature, Julius?  Don’t you think the nice people listening at home would like to hear the weather report?  Or are you afraid?

Well, I did check the temp before I came in here.  I left a thermometer in my car overnight.  It’s hot and sunny.  Guess what the temperature is?  It’s 151.88 degrees Fahrenheit.

Did you know why the government says not to leave your pets or small children in cars unattended?  It’s not because of the heat. No.  No.  No.  No.  It’s because 151.88 degree Fahrenheit equals exactly 66.6 degree Celsius.

And do you know why we don’t measure the temperature in degrees centigrade?  The same reason JFK was assassinated.  Because Henry Cabot Lodge, Jr. loved the number 8.  Just like me.

This week I had planned to take you on a Throwback Tuesday and spend some time with everyone’s favorite Cyrus - Billy Ray.  But then Julius told me that the song was ACHY-BREAKY Heart and NOT EIGHTY-BRADY Heart.  I’ve been mishearing that for over twenty year.

But it makes no difference.  I’ve got another 8-Themed tune for your pleasure.  This is “8 Piece Box” by Southern Culture on the Skids.  Goodbye.”
