Molly / Ween
About a Girl / Kevin Bang

Como pasa, Julius?

Ladies, ladies, ladies…  Kevin Bang here tickling your earsnouts and saying good evening to you all.  Fellas, feel free to step outside for a few while I speak directly to the fairer sex…

The summer’s heating up and it’s not easy making things happen when you’re an ice cream man, stuck in the truck while every lady from here to Portugal is frollicking on the beach.  So I gotta keep my mojo flowin’ somehow.  I like to relax with some high quality tunes and some high quality bonding of the female type.

Like right now, here’s one babe I can’t get out of my head: Molly.  And now the song I can’t get out of my head is called Molly, by Ween. I got it on a mix tape this girl Jenny gave me.

I don’t know anything about music.  So I can’t really say anything about the song.  Or even the lyrics.  But it’s about Molly. I miss her, but more importantly, she don’t know what she’s missing. Here you go, Molly.

Hit me up later…

Jenny / The Mountain Goats
About a Girl / Kevin Bang

Estoy bien, Julius!

I’m gonna ask for a dudes free zone, no dudes allowed. Except for old Kevin here, to keep order. All you men can go outside for a cigar and some butt-slapping, or whatever it is you do while you ignore the fairer sex so, so unfairly.

Now that we’re alone, ladies, let me tell you. It gets mighty hot in the ice cream truck for your man here, especially when I’m jamming some festival in Bahrain or delivering the push-pops in Rio. But when I look at the girls with the bills tucked in the string bikinis, I know it could get much much hotter. And that’s how I keep my cool.

One time, I was looping some downtime in Morocco when this girl Jenny broke into my truck. I had all fans going so it was like a hurricane in there, but let me tell you. The girl upped it two categories. All I could do was sing this song “Jenny”, which I remembered from a mix tape this girl Betsy gave me.

There’s some strange digital effect going on, but don’t let that bother you. Jenny, I miss you but you don’t know what you’re missing.

Hit me up sometime...

Betsy / The Squirrels
About a Girl / Kevin Bang

Mucho feliz, Julius!

Ladies, perk up your pretty shell ears and hustle the menfolk out of the room. This jam is for you alone, and your new very close friend Kevin Bang is doing the canning. You won’t catch him jamming out to Lorne Greene and some Ringo nonsense. Not even Johnny Cash and his boy named Sue.  Just the babes.

One time, I was doing the scene in Sydney and it got so hot at night, I thought I was going to combust. I figured, nobody’s gonna sell the ice cream if old Kevin is not around to shill it, so I took two boxes of ice cream sandwiches and layered them on the cot I was sleeping. Next thing I know, some girl is banging on the panel, which said “Closed” but I guess not in Australian, screaming about the heat and asking if I had a bed of ice cream. Did I have a bed of ice cream?

I have to say, even by my standards that girl was crazy. I still think about her, and hum this song called “Betsy”, which was on a mix tape this girl Jessica gave me.

There is a lot going on in this song, so don’t try to figure it out. Just go with it, and when you’re done, you’ll have to borrow a shower to get the ice cream off.

Now I gotta go lay down...

Promo 2014-10

Would you like some sprinkles with that? This is your favorite ice-cream man, Kevin Bang, inviting you to chase my truck and get an earful of my favorite tunes about my favorite girls. It happens late Tuesdays, on the one and only Lacking Organization. Tune in every Tuesday from 10 pm to Midnight here on WFIT, 89.5 FM and wfit.org, for some ice-cold sounds on red-hot babes. Adios!
