with The Zookeeper

Frendamine / Marmoset

Honk-A-Doodle-Doo and welcome to the Weird and Wild World of THE ANIMAL KINGDOM.  I’m your trustworthy tourguide...The Zookeeper!

And today we’re looking at an animal who has been getting a bad rap in the media lately: the cuddlesome and tragically sleazy Marmoset.

In 1978, the year I adopted my famous nickname “The Zookeeper”, I was walking through a Jamesway store in Delaware.  I was looking for a birthday gift for my then ex-wife Zippolina.

I found the most magical pair of flip flops which had some sort of monkey-type creature on them.  I asked to speak with the store manager and inquired about the exact species of the beast.  He told me it was a Marmoset and from then on I knew that my life’s purpose was to collect every Marmoset in existence.

Today, I peel back the curtain and share with you, the listener, a hidden gem in my collection.  This is Marmoset with “Frendamine.”

OH!  I almost forgot to tell you that MARMOSETS DON’T HAVE WISDOM TEETH - ISN’T THAT FUNKY?!?

Let’s roll, Julius!

Poodle Mouth / The Giraffes

Here comes The Zookeeper.  Here comes the Zookeeper.  Right down Zookeeper Lane.

Julius!

Did I ever tell you about the 63 months in which my then ex-wife Zippolina refused to kiss me?

It all started one day while I was play hopscotch with some neighborhood toughs.  I was getting all my sillies out before I had to go to my overnight shift at the breadcrumb factory when I heard Zippolina yelling out to me.

I didn’t want the guys to see my old lady nagging me, so I ran.  She finally tracked me down and handed me my lunchpail.  I had forgotten it before leaving our mansion that morning.

I said to her, “Thanks, Poodle Mouth!”

I meant it as a compliment, but Zippolina did not take it as such, and she responded with anger and told me that if I thought her mouth looked so much like a poodle, there would be no reason for her to give me my daily quota of kisses.

That hurt.  And it hurt for five and a quarter years until I couldn’t take it anymore and I called Zippolina a Giant Giraffe-Headed Jerk.  She said that was the sweetest thing anyone ever said to her and that was that.

Imagine MY surprise when I was looking through my collection of rare and endangered animal band names and I found a song called Poodle Mouth by a band called The Giraffes!

I guess there is reason to believe in true love.
