Top 34 of 2013

Every week, I gather 110 minutes of music for my radio show on WFIT (wfit.org). More often than not, that comes to 34 songs. Sometimes, there's 33, or 35, and occasionally I'll feel lazy and deliberately pick longer (and fewer) songs. But the regularity of that number is a strong factor towards my picking my 34 favorite albums for 2013. That, and the fact that after I wrote my first draft, I was much closer to 34 than the original ten I'd set out to write, and I did not want to pick out who to cut. So here you go: a recap of what your favorite over-vocabulated radio personality played on those Tuesday nights through the year, with helpful and occasionally sardonic commentary to help guide your recollection.

AM + Shawn Lee

La Musique Numerique

This collection gives us vocal and instrumental versions of its tracks, which include a standout cover of Joe Jackson's "Steppin' Out" and a vibe that will make you take out the grownup glasses for making cocktails.

Bass Drum of Death

Bass Drum of Death

Sometimes, you just want the music to pound like a headache, without the painful part. This band lives up to its name, and brings its friends Fuzz Guitar of Itch and Yowling Voice of Panic.

Bob Marley + the Wailers

Remixed

This is not the first, or second, attempt to bring Bob Marley's timeless music into a sort of hip today format. But this is the one worth listening to so far. Really fresh takes on the Marley legacy from his offspring and luminaries like Thievery Corporation and Photek.

Bop Du Fway

Dispatch from Outville

The lab is not returning my calls to carbon-date this oddity, so I'm going to tag it here as a 2013 release and move on. Out of Columbus, Ohio, this quartet is what would happen if you asked Firesign Theater to make fun of beatniks, then found someone better to do it.

[amazon template=iframe_image&asin=B00BMTX5AA]

The Computers

The nigh ungoogleable Computers are straight-ahead boogie rock, but they do it with flair. Barrelhouse piano and twangy guitar duel with a bassist and drummer that know how to thump it.

Various Artists

Drink a Toast to Innocence

In the '70s, soft rock stomped all over the AM radio waves like some sort of billowy candle-lit Godzilla. For a while, it would have been appropriate to hoot in derision at the thought of a double album covering these sounds, but you will sit down and shut up and show some respect because these songs are diamonds. Diamonds, I tell you.

Dumbo Gets Mad

Quantum Leap

This Italian duo moved to Los Angeles a couple of years ago and has steadily been accumulating an impressive amount of obscurity. It's their own fault, for writing music that even I have a hard time classifying. Psychedelic space jazz funk? How many genres do I get?

The Front Bottoms

Talon of the Hawk

You know I'm a sucker for the kind of snotty pop punk that uses acoustic guitars, occasional accordions, and lyrics so acid they're covered by some OSHA regulation somewhere. You should be too.

The Greyboy All Stars

Inland Emperor

The Funk is strong with these ones. It sounds like it was recorded in a hurry, but that's a good thing. The band strains at their leashes from start to finish, with raw polish and enough bump to get your coffee table demolished should you play it at your next party.

Jackson and his Computerband

Glow

On the scene for a long time, Frenchman Jackson Fourgeaud gives us a rare album in between the constant remixes. Overfilled with fat analog sounds and that Gallic dance music sensibility, it’s music that eats up miles.

Jagwar Ma

Howlin

Another act that seamlessly blends electronic and organic sources, Jagwar Ma's incisive hooks more than make up for the high "what?" quality of their name, which is inevitably followed by you having to spell it out.

The Little Ones

The Dawn Sang Along

With these names, you'd think it's a kid's album. And you wouldn't be far off -- the gentle watery melodies are reminiscent of the strummy psychedelia the Apples In Stereo and the Elephant 6 collective made popular. There is real depth in here, however, one of those albums that rushes by in one continuous song-glow.

Los Amigos Invisibles

Repeat After Me

This Venezuelan band returns with another episode of their non-stop *gozadera* -- their live show is not to be missed, unless you have a problem with an hour and a half of non-stop (literally, the band does not stop) mixing of Latin disco and '80s hits.

Al Lover

Safe As Milk Replica

I'm going to cheat, because this actually came out in 2010. But neither one of us heard about it until now, so we have plausible deniability. That aside, this is an incredibly well-executed cut-and-paste reworking of Captain Beefheart's first album. If your ears perked up at that, you owe it to yourself to track this down.

Melvins

Everybody Loves Sausages/Tres Cabrones

Fellow Melvin-philes, rejoice! This year gave us yet another bountiful harvest of Melvins music, as usual, praise Buzz. This time, one is a collection of covers of rare beauty, including takes on Queen and the Fugs. The other features a ... hold on, I'm dizzy ... revised original lineup.

The Night Marchers

Allez Allez

Woozy bluesy music, heavy on the foor toms, heavier on the riffs. It could be mistaken for dumb rock, but the band knows when to pull out the rug from your musical feet.

Oblivians

Desperation

The Oblivians sound like the soundtrack to *American Grafitti* run through a Tube Screamer. You can compare them to the Ramones, but their rock-and-roll-toilet lineup, in which every member can play every instrument, gives way to some ear-opening sounds.

Rilo Kiley

RKives

Is Rilo Kiley still a thing? I've been afraid to look up the answer for some time now. This collection of unheard gems is a warm blanket in my cave of denial.

Robb Benson + the Shelk

Cursive Falls from the Sky

Benson's distinctive voice shines in every single one of his projects, starting with the Nevada Bachelors ohsomany years ago. But it would be powerless without his ability to write pop songs so perfectly sharp you can feel the headphones slicing into your ears. So I don't know, you'll have to hear this and figure out for yourself which is more important.

The Purrs

The Boy with the Astronaut Eyes

It's hard to believe this is the seventh album from this band, but it's also hard to disbelieve, since this is a highly-polished randomly-refracting monster crystal of psychedelia. Echoes of past melodies float through the Purrs' songs like someone forgot to turn off the tape delay forty years ago.

The Refreshments

Let It Rock: Tribute to Chuck Berry

Let's face it. Nobody can write a barely-there innuendo like Chuck Berry. The Refreshments, whose theme song for King of the Hill you may have heard many times, have been pumping out these tribute albums for a while, but I think this time they nailed the subject.

John Scofield

Uberjam Deux

Guitarist Scofield returns with a tight four-piece to showcase his collection of funk instincts, which is quite impressive. Afrobeat funk, dub funk, jamband funk, it's funky in there. Somebody open a window.

Sex Clark Five

RembrandtX

This weirdo outfit from Huntsville, Alabama mostly keeps to itself, allowing us to witness only the occasional contribution to a compilation. Every thirteen years or so, there surfaces an album of fragmented pop, sounding like a few hundred songs rescued from a defunct studio's magnetic tape vault.

The Shivas

Whiteout

Out of Portland and so fresh they don't even have a Wikipedia page yet, these guys have a glorious reverb-drenched alterna-feel that will appeal to fans of the Jesus and Mary Chain and every other band that has dared ape them.

The Shouting Matches

Grownass Man

Nomenclature would be enough for this band to qualify for this list -- these are fantastic band and album names. The band follows up on the one-two punch with a fistful of dive bar anthems that'll kick your sorry lazy butt all the way to the dance floor.

STRFKR

Miracle Mile

I saw STRFKR in September, and was largely underwhelmed by their live set, but that's probably because their album is a shimmering collection of retro-futuristic new wave dance music that manages to not sound like someone painted a coat of keyboards over a wall of guitars, and that's a high bar to meet.

The Strypes

Snapshot

Of all the throwback bands this year, the one throwing back hardest must be this Irish outfit. As of this writing, precious little of their music is available for purchase in the US, but that is why the internet was invented: to punish record executives who don't have the wits to sign these people fast enough.

Thee Oh Sees

Floating Coffin

The current kings of hypno-drone, this band knows how to lay a consistent guitar-drum-bass-faraway-vocals carpet of sound, deep-plush yet oddly gritty, wavering a melody through the tapestry like someone was pushing a cart with a gouting container of chocolate syrup down the hall.

They Might Be Giants

Nanobots

There is always at least one good track in any They Might Be Giants release, and usually more. Every once in a while, there will be an album with lots and lots of good tracks, and Nanobots is one of these. It's a return to Apollo 18 not only in style, but in the addition of tiny sonic vignettes to spice up your random play.

Toro Y Moi

Anything In Return

Somewhere in the dreamscape, Toro Y Moi is playing on the radio. Careful structures of sequenced sound wrap delicately against chorused vocals, as if aliens were responding to recently-received signals of '70s AM radio.

The Vaccines

Home Is Where The Start Is

This relatively young London outfit has taken charge of guitar-fronted music, and things are looking very good under their leadership. This is a collection of their demos, and should sate the public's appetite for their music for another few months of touring.

Vampire Weekend

Modern Vampires of the City

Aw, they grow up so fast. Not so long ago, I saw Vampire Weekend struggle to fill a 40-minute set in front of a sold-out crowd of a thousand and more. A couple albums later, the harmonic resonances of Talking Heads, the Clash, and the Soweto sound still intersect here, and the band has plenty of great songs to choose from.

Wavves

King of the Beach

We are in the middle of a storm surge of new wave revival, a shameless melding of electronic, electric, and acoustic sounds with no regard for anything other than that interesting sound. Along with STRFKR, Wavves are forefront in exploring these non-boundaries.

ZZ Top

The Complete Studio Albums

No, it's not new, but it did come out in 2013. A fascinating chronogram of a true-as-dirt Texas blues band that went from weirdo beardos to MTV's favorite dirty uncles overnight. Consistent with their roots for the longest time, the band added some disco sizzle to their thing a decade into their career, to great commercial success, and somewhat debatable artistic success. It's all in there.

Julius C. Lacking can be heard every Tuesday night at 10 pm Florida time on WFIT, 89.5FM and wfit.org
